A trip to Six Flags or Disneyland, a dog's view.
We all know Disneyland's a great place to visit, but if you don't have time for the
trip this year, consider the alternative Six Flags bigger, closer. No matter where you
live, there's one nearby. Plus, you get home in time to feed your dog. Six Flags theme parks, bigger, faster, closer.
Plus, Kellogg's got the crispies, and he's got the milk chocolatey. With every bite, so chocolatey.
Oh, everybody wants mine. Got the crispies too.
Hey, it's a Kool-Aid burst, first day blowout. Weeks of first day meds, including the Grand
Prize Oremah. A trip to Nintendo headquarters. Every game Nintendo makes. A Super NES. Plus,
a Super NES video game starring you. Yes, your very own story. You can save it back.
A Kool-Aid burst soft drinks Six Flags to see if you have the one number that matches
the winning number all announced on your local network Saturday morning July 30th burst. Happy
birthday! For those in the no purchase game panel, write GamePL box 7000, Melville, New
York 11775. Boyd, we're prohibited. How does Nick get to my house every day? What?
Go to SNCC Saturday night Nickelodeon. Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday
morning. Mr. Yannis says you've got to focus yourself before focusing your camera.
Photography has really opened up a new channel to my creative inner self.
And it gets me out of home act. Then yesterday, I found out the dispatch is holding a photography
contest. So, I've got three days to take the perfect picture. Now, I almost had a great
picture of Mom, but a UFO landed in the kitchen. That's UFO as an ugly, furged-out oddball.
Okay, so then I almost had Dad. And isn't it still, I did manage to get the best photo
ever taken of dork breath. Of course, it needed a little retouching to capture his true essence.
Andy Warhol once said, everyone is famous for 15 minutes. Ferguson will be lucky if he's
famous for 15 seconds. But if his fame ever grows beyond that, I'm moving. Tavina.
I wonder, is my prize money photo out there or could it be right here? Say cheese.
First, if I don't get started on dinner, what you see is what you're gonna get.
I'll get it. Hello. Oh, Ned. Not Ned, big mouth, super esteemed. Marshall, hang up the phone,
just hang up right now. I'll be with you in just a second, Ned. I can't just hang up on him,
he's our neighbor. This could be important. Ned, is this important? He says it's important.
He just wants to keep you on the phone. Mom, remember the last time he called to say that
his lawn mower was bigger than ours? And you went on about that silly metal match of
3,000, there's still a space where the hedges used to be. Don't worry, I'm not gonna get dragged
into anything. Just watch me. Okay, Ned, what is it? Oh, he did it. Well, congratulations,
we're very happy for you. Now, you'll excuse me, I was just about to sit down and...
Oh, yeah? Oh, no. And all we start this way. Well, big deal. I mean, any kid can do that.
And Marshall, no, not the children. Well, he could if he wanted to.
He, me. Let's know in your furg face. All right, all right, great. If you want to put it that way,
I'll put 20 bucks on it. Hey, any darling can do what any superstar can do and bet.
Oh, what's for dinner? Marshall, what have you done? Nothing.
Ferguson, we have to talk after dinner. Marshall? Well,
Ned was going on about that dumb jock kitty is. Oh, nerd junior. And? Well, Ned said that he
made the football team and then the funniest thing happened. This better be a big laugh, Marshall.
I bet him that Ferguson could play football too. Football? Ferguson? Dad? Me in mud and cleats
and pain? You must be thinking of your other only son. Your much bigger other only son?
You're right. You're right, Ferguson. I guess I just, I lost my head. It's just that, you know,
once Ned pushes my competitive button, I can be talked into anything.
Anything? Yeah, I just seem to lose restraint. Before I know it, I'm agreeing to, well, you name it.
Gee, Dad, it's awful to think that somebody could just take advantage of you like this.
But while we're talking, let's consider a moment. Football is a great way to boost
my popularity at school. What popularity at school? Although for me to really give it my all,
perhaps a bonus incentive program is worth exploring. No, no, I just think it'll be easier
to call the whole thing off. It's, you know, what kind of a bonus were you thinking about?
Well, I hadn't really given it much thought. Of course, there is always the super speak to
looks. So you can call for help when the offensive line rips your lungs out. Marshall,
you are not putting Ferguson in danger just to keep up with the sofa stage.
You're right. It's wrong. Unless, of course, he really wants to.
Put me in, coach. I'm ready to win one for the flipper.
That's gipper. Come on, take a picture. You're witnessing a darling family moment that's going
to go down in history. And if you try to play football, you're going to be history.
Only a confirmed Anthony Kida's sighting would get me up at this hour.
But then I thought I should be here for my younger brother.
Besides, I could use a good laugh. Is it four fingers over the laces or four
fingers under the laces? Hey, there he is. Do you want to limber up?
I'd rather not, Dad. I'm pacing myself and calisthenics might throw me off.
Yeah, you're right, big guy. Okay, you want to go out for one?
Pizza? Ferguson? Okay, Dad.
Yeah, go deep. A little bit deeper. Yeah, like in the next date.
It's a window.
Sorry, Ned. Don't worry about it. Send me a bill.
You're still going to win the bet, though. How did I do, Dad?
Not bad. The next time, try it with your arms up to catch.
Can we get the ball back, Dad? Well, you're almost there.
All you need now is a little speed, strength, and coordination.
Pass the arm, Dad. Still sore from the pass you threw me?
Yeah, but it sort of feels good in a way. It reminds me of my college football injury.
Oh, I remember every moment of that day as though it were yesterday.
You are entering another dimension. A dimension not only of sight and sound,
but of Dad's mind. Your next stop, the parental memory zone.
How the sun beat down, how the crowd cheered,
how that muddy field smelled like mud.
Submitted for your approval, won Marshall Darling,
a college hippie who painted peace signs all over his B.W. van.
Why did he play the brutal sport of football? It was his dad's ideas.
His dad said, son, play football, or we'll sell you a van.
Everything was depending on me. Do or die, darling, he called me.
Yeah. It was the count.
Dad.
And the snap.
And the hole.
Dad!
We've all heard the story before, Dad.
You were the guy holding the ball, the kicker missed and broke your hand.
A week later, my dad sold the van.
I'm worried about Ferguson getting injured.
You are a little slight, dear. Football players are big,
rather than the average person. You might get hurt.
It's funny, though. It was the small guy on our team who never got injured,
Shrippy Sherman Tuliper. Yeah, he was so small, so crafty.
Even got recruited, one of the Big Ten schools.
Recruited? As in free cars, big apartments and cute babes recruited?
He really hit the big time.
Dad, I think we've got a game plan here. Are you ready?
Ferguson, darling, America's smallest student football player.
Now that's the spirit.
Imagine that. Hasn't even had his first head injury and already he's hilarious.
I don't have to be a full back, a half back, or a quarterback.
Football offers many career paths. I could be a running back or a punter.
Or a football.
Dear, maybe you should consider a sport that uses brains instead of brawn.
Mom, do you see any athletics shoe companies handing out million-dollar advances for
Air Einstein? I just want to run the numbers on this.
We're talking book deals, clothing lines, maybe even a TV series.
I'm a little worried that he's putting in the cart before the horse.
More like the coffin before the hearse.
Ferguson's football fever is really starting to get to me.
Why couldn't he just join the bike club or the Step Appreciation Society?
The way I see it, there are only two ways he could make his mark on the field.
He makes his mark heroically.
He's the kind of mark only a groundskeeper can appreciate.
Personally, I bet on it.
As much as it pains me, I have to help him out.
After all, I am his only sister and if I don't help him out, who will?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Like the latest addition to my wardrobe?
Cool.
I went last night, 10th row.
Are we having a test I should know about?
I'm facing a test against one of the most fearsome adversaries known to modern man or woman.
What's Ferguson done now?
He's trying out for the football team.
So how's popular medical trauma gonna help?
I figure if I print out every possible football injury he could suffer,
he'll revert back to his cowardly self.
What's a metacarpal?
I don't know. Something that gets fractured.
Excuse me, kids.
Um, do you know some huge linebacker that plays on the football team?
That would be Wally Buttermann.
Yeah.
Well, whoever he is, I hear he's gunning for Ferguson.
He wants to stomp America's smallest student football player.
Whoa, that guy's nuts.
Last year before the regional championship, he shaved his head.
Well, I mean, kids did that even in my day to look tough.
Wally didn't just shave his head, Dad. He ate the hair.
Oh. Well, if you see Ferguson, tell him I have to talk to him immediately, okay?
Okay, Dad. There's got to be something we can do.
He's pretty far gone if he thinks he can make the football team.
He can't even climb a flight of stairs without getting winded.
That's it.
What's it?
Ferguson is out of shape.
So we'll just use his shape against him.
The fry outs are in two days.
Until then, we exercise him until he drops.
And then what?
And then he'll go to practice.
He'll be so tired he'll pass out before the first pass.
What do you think?
Sounds exhausting.
Need an assistant coach?
Get some sleep.
Tomorrow's going to be ugly.
It's going to be brutal.
It's going to be fun.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
After this, get back on the bus tonight for very, very make-up night.
I'm David Cassidy, and I am there for you, Ben.
Yes, tonight at 10.9 Central, Nick at Night brings you very, very David Cassidy.
I've chosen four episodes I think you're going to love.
Some classic Partridge family moments.
Watch very, very David Cassidy tonight at 10.9 Central.
Only on Nick at Night.
I'm sure it'll be very, very clear.
He's whatever the situation demands.
In Kirby's Adventure, Evil King D.D. stolen Dreamland's Dreams.
Now Kirby's fighting to get him back.
Leveled by Nightmarish Level.
That's Kirby.
He's cute.
You cross him, then he's one tough cream puff.
Kirby's Adventure, new on NES.
I love video scavenger heads.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
I always see twins and McDonald's.
Spotted dogs.
Hey, a rock group.
They convert them.
I always see red convertibles.
And McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
I knew we'd find everything at McDonald's.
Why don't you say something?
Hey, Hogan, great practice.
Well, it isn't the old doofus club.
These are so good.
They're official cereal. Apple Jacks.
He doesn't get it.
I don't get why you'd like a cereal called Apple Jacks
that doesn't taste like apple.
Well, we know why. Yeah.
Okay, geniuses, why?
Good answer.
Your brother's such a loser.
We don't have to explain why we like it.
Yeah!
Caleb's Apple Jacks is part of this complete practice.
We eat what we like.
Nickelodeon presents the continuing story of the kid
who accidentally swung over the bar and became
Inside Out Boy.
We find out you're a wet-the-big-n-z-malic concept
when suddenly...
Yo, man, look how racist are those tattoos contagious?
I ain't dissing so tech just right.
How'd you get so out of sight?
He wants you to answer.
I don't have the nerve.
Yes, you do. Right there.
I guess you're right.
I've got nothing left to lose
except Sadie's Art Tattoo.
When I move my body, shows it.
My heart beats the whole world knows it.
That's my pride.
Yeah, it's my joy.
So use my street name.
Inside Out Boy.
Inside Out Boy? Say what?
Word up. That's me.
Inside Out Boy.
He's got what it takes to bust a mood.
Guts.
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon.
On the set.
Off the set.
Go watch the song.
So, I'm the head writer on the show, which means that
I represent the writing staff
on the basketball court.
Oh! Uh-oh.
It's 2-0 in our team.
Johnny Slane. Basically.
But he can't play ball.
Ask him what the plan was.
What?
Be at the roundhouse to snitch.
Tonight on Nick.
They captured a whale with a temper.
He doesn't like anybody.
And the only one who could reach him.
I'd like to do some tricks today.
Was Jesse.
By winning his trust and making Willie his friend.
I love you, Willie.
Oh, my boy!
It made Jesse a hero.
Yeah!
Free Willie. Rated PG.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Watch it.
And now, back to Clarissa.
Explains it all.
Time to kick off Ferguson's training schedule
to wake up call.
You! You'll pay for this!
Okay, bird breath.
I just thought you could use a little football practice
before you become a grease spot on Wally Buttermann's uniform.
You're getting just like Dad.
I'm not afraid of Wally Buttermann.
Don't you remember the little guy on Dad's team
who never got hurt?
He was quick. He was crafty.
He was everything you're not.
Besides, I checked out Dad's yearbook.
True, he was short, just five foot three.
But he weighed 275 pounds.
That's four of you standing side by side.
Dad never mentioned that.
Must've sucked his mind.
Well, if you feel ready to hit the field
with guys who've already had their growth spurt,
pleasant dreams!
Sis, please.
I guess you couldn't hurt if you, you know,
helped.
What can I do?
I thought you'd never ask.
It's one glorious morning
that would forever shake the sporting world.
My little brother would never
again be a 98 pound weak link.
He was to become that day
a jock.
Your full attention for the final part
of your training program.
We're going to screen some tapes.
Cool. You have shopping mall slash or four?
Football tapes, you ding dong.
What do you have, Sam?
This is where my dad reviewed.
It's called football's hardest hits.
I forget what your dad wrote. How did it go again?
He said it was the best football video so far
to not only reveal the savage brutality
of the game, but also the bloody aftermath.
Before we screen this, I just better check.
Do you have high blood pressure, heart condition,
or unexplained dizzy spells?
No.
Then we can watch.
First and 10. It's a hem up to Kowalski.
Here he comes.
Boom, and there he goes.
I never knew Lex could bend in that direction.
Watch number 37.
He's got his arm up to pass.
He's hit. Oh, that's one football
that'll have to be removed surgically.
Don't forget, Treppy Sherman Tuliper.
It is first pro game.
Hey, that's the guy from dad's school.
Yeah, and that's the career ending injury.
That's it.
Fame, pushing football, forget it.
Hey, wait, it's not over.
The Ferguson's football fever is.
Okay.
Now that I've scared Ferdinand Wittlis,
it's time for a little consolation prize.
Here's the financial giants trading card series.
Here's Leigh Iacocca, Donald Trump,
and Ross Perraugh.
This will show Ferg Basick can stay at home,
stay safe, and still be a greed-headed weevil.
Okay, Ferguson, I'll trade you
three Nelson Rockefellers for Alice Tully.
What are you doing in uniform?
I've got to go to football practice.
What? You can't!
Thitterman!
I am. Look what I found taped to my locker.
Front hair, you are dead meat.
W.
Did somebody write this with their foot?
More like their fist.
He says if I show up to practice, he'll pound me.
So don't go.
He also says if I don't show up to practice, he'll pound me.
What? That big bully.
Don't worry, Ferg Basick.
I'll protect you.
Sis, we're talking about a guy who's six times your body weight
and shaves with a brick.
Listen to me, Ferguson.
Don't go. Stay home. It's for your own good.
Sis, a man's got to do what a man's got to do.
You're not a man yet, devil boy.
Just let me get this over with.
If I'm going to take a pounding,
you guys will do it with a helmet on.
Well, you have a point.
All right. Go ahead and do it.
If you can get past me.
Great.
The one move I teach him and it has to work.
On me.
Well, Operation Savapurg failed
and he made it to football practice after all.
Here are the instant replay highlights of the day.
Ferguson is really desperate.
He just added padding to his padding.
Too bad they don't make a uniform with an airbag.
Mom's getting ready to soothe Ferguson through his sweet tooth.
Assuming, of course, he's got any teeth left.
And dad's feeling extra guilty.
He designed Ferguson's welcome home greeting
for any occasion.
And me?
Well, I did what I could to keep my brother one piece.
Funny.
I always thought I'd be the one to brain him
and they used the term brain loosely.
Clarissa, any sign of him?
Nope, not yet.
I feel awful.
I went down to the field, he wasn't there, no one was there.
I don't know whether he's hurt
or he's hiding someplace in disgrace.
Little Marshall.
What have I done to him?
Maybe we should call the hospital.
Do paramedics knock?
Ferguson.
Hey, are you all right?
I'm so relieved.
Coach, is he really all right?
Of course I'm all right.
Mom, your concern is gratifying, but I'm fine, really.
Fine?
You have the crease marks in it.
Did you even sit down?
I'll never forgive myself for pushing you to play.
Oh, then you're to blame.
Sorry?
You should be.
Who is this kid and where did he get his ideas about football?
Well, he's not the first darling
to taste the fruits of gridiron glory.
Well, I hope he's the last.
He got the team together and told them
they should have climate-controlled buses,
travel expenses for pet rallies,
and a piece of the gate.
Our football games are free.
When he asked for a semester's supply,
a thirst fixer, and chocolate muscle bars,
I had to cut them for the good of the team.
I'll need that uniform back
first thing in the morning.
And don't chew on the mouthpiece.
And you believe that?
It's okay, Ferguson.
You tried and that's the important thing.
What happened with Wally Butterman?
As soon as he found out I was trying to get free food,
he became my best friend.
He wants me to go to a slasher movie
next week.
Personal appearances,
sitcoms, game shows,
maybe even a Ferguson doll.
All gone because a coach
lacks that vision thing.
Well, at least Ferguson's okay.
That'll help take some of the sting
out of Supersteen's bragging home.
He is gonna be such a jerk for a couple of months.
It's your own fault, Marshall.
Next time he calls, listen to me
and hang up.
I really should just go over there
and pay him off and get it over with.
But I'd rather do it on a full stomach.
Good idea, Dad.
Wait until after dinner.
More like after breakfast.
Tomorrow. Maybe next week.
Poor Dad.
I wish there was some way I could help.
It wasn't necessarily wronged about on Ferguson.
He just bet the wrong way.
All right, what do you want to watch?
Anything but football, please.
I'm with you. I don't want to ever hear the word
football spoken in this house again.
Oh, my God.
Did somebody say football?
Where'd you get that?
What?
The jacket.
Oh, you mean the official high school football team jacket?
Easy. I made the team.
You're playing high school football?
No, but I'm taking the pictures.
I was down at the drug store picking up my prints
and I ran into Coach Floyd.
He saw some of the action shots I took of Ferguson
and he liked what he saw.
Of course he did.
Real players look terrific.
So, I'm the new team photographer.
Hey, that's great sport.
Congratulations. There hasn't been a darling on a football team
in 20 years.
Wait a minute.
My bet with Supersteam was that no darling
would ever make the team any darling.
That means we won.
All right.
I hope this means you and Ned will knock it off from now on.
Oh, absolutely.
The only people I'll be competing with
are the Babelbrooks down the street.
My prize-winning photo op.
The look on Mr. Supersteam's face isn't worth
first prize. I don't know what is.
Come on, Ferguson. After we collect,
we'll take a look at some of those cordless phones.
Cordless? What about cellular?
What about we just forget the whole thing?
Cordless, it's good.
Why bother? All you're going to hear is people hanging up.
I feel so athletic when I drink that stuff.
It tastes like lime-flavored sweat.
Milk, oh.
All right.
Bill?
Catalog? Ah, something for Clarissa.
Totally cool.
What is it?
I won second prize in the Dispatch Photography Contest.
20 bucks.
What photo did you submit, honey?
Yeah, Ned's Supersteam with his jaw hanging down
on his sneakers when he saw you in your team jacket.
Was it me surrounded by my future admirers
down on Main Street?
No, but it is a photo of Ferguson.
They won the Believe It or Not category.
They're part of the Orange Bowl, Pro Bowl,
and the Super Bowl,
but Ferguson's the first darling
to make it all the way to the cereal bowl.
Hey, give me that.
Come and get it.
Keep on snicking now
at the Roundhouse Nickelodeon's
hip-hop comedy shop
meet Paula Abdul-Jabbar.
See who's behind the cheerleader pom-poms
and witness an Olympic tongue lashing
next at the Roundhouse
as Saturday Night Nickelodeon
snick continues.
It's snick
or it's not.
Pick snick every Saturday night.
It's a wee stroke this summer.
My favorite stroke is the backstroke
because
it was easier to learn.
The breaststroke was the hardest one to learn
because I can't see underwater.
We have to be able to see underwater
to do the breaststroke.
My nose.
What do they think
of Bubble Tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same haircut.
He says
that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like mock-ups.
She has no teeth.
She says
I still can't chew Bubble Tape.
Six feet of Bubble Tape
coming soon in a new dispenser pack.
For you, not them.
Not them.
Cooler than a shag haircut.
Easier to wear than poultry.
More comfortable than a kick in the head.
They're Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer.
Cool, removable body art
in 36 different designs.
Free inside specially marked 12 packs
of great tasting Bark's Root Beer.
The one with bite.
So leave your later house and home
and make a fashion statement on your arm,
on your leg
or on your head
with Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer.
The one with
Bark 2's.
My History.
Could you help me out with my homework?
I'm sorry, Greg, but I've got a rug to clean, laundry to do
and a mountain of dishes to wash.
Oh, Calgos.
Take me away.
Time for a bath. What about that sink full of dishes?
You're sucking liquid all.
Fabulous. My skin is tingling.
And when you look at the way it cuts through baked on grease.
Even top left over lasagna.
It comes right off the pan.
Ooh, and it makes a great loofa.
The combination of facial scrap and floor wax.
I'm having trouble with my homework.
Could you help me out?
Come on, Greg, can't you see I'm busy?
Can't you tell by my vacant stare and foaming mouth
that it's nap time?
Why you gotta be so much trouble?
Why can't you be more like your perfect older sister?
Perfect older sister.
And when I'm not getting good grades,
I'm feeling homeless and finding a cure for cancer.
Well, I'd like to tell you more about my accomplishments,
but I have to go sell back to student Bosnia.
We interrupt this show
to bring you this late breaking news blog.
It's morning.
Greg is now in school, facing a serious dilemma.
Dang, I'm out of gum.
How come that guy never runs out of gum?
Oh...
Because I chew tried it.
The pre-chewed gum
collected by generators across the country.
Tried it comes in three delicious flavors.
Theater, death, and chew.
But with these places, I can't have sugar.
No problem.
All the sugar has been chewed out.
And it's recommended by four out of five dentists
who prefer their patients to other people's gum.
Hey, I got to do boot flavor.
I'm head straight.
All right, class.
Greg, we'll now read us his book reports.
Eli Whitney, born in 1708,
invented the cotton gin
spearheading the Industrial Revolution.
See also, standardization of parts
paid 238 volume SQC.
You are going to detain me.
I'm the annoying kid from the encyclopedia commercial.
When encyclopedians get caught
when you can have an encyclopedia,
written just for plagiarism.
The encyclopedia cheat canica
written just as badly as you write yourself.
Slavery was a bad institution.
In fact, it wasn't good at all.
Most people thought it was bad, too.
I got this word for word
from the encyclopedia cheat canica.
You also receive as a source
of made-up words so big
your teacher wrote it
meant he doesn't know them.
George Washington's flash velocity
made him our most reticent president.
Uh, very good.
Thank you. You're a munificent posterior.
Hey, what's up, dude?
Excuse me?
Baking powder?
Recently, many people
have become addicted to something
more powerful than drugs.
More debilitating than alcohol
and more repulsive than cigarette smoking.
They are addicted
to Wayne's world.
That's why we started
the Wayne's World Anonymous Use.
Or, Wayne...
I've seen the movie 37 times.
I'm a Wayne's World Addict.
But I have a quarter from the movie for three months.
Oh, hey, hey!
My name is Sheila.
Party on, Sheila!
And if I were president, I'd be...
Babe or Han Lincoln.
My name is Ray.
And I'm just a poor boy.
And I can't stop singing
Dr. King.
The Wayne Newton Addicts meeting is down the hall.
Oh.
Come to WAY today.
And we'll help you fight this tragic addiction.
Not...
Ow, ow, ow!
Being in detention sucks all past.
Attention, attention heirs.
While you're in detention, there's to be no talking,
no aiding,
and most importantly, absolutely no singing.
Hey!
It's your first time in the Big D?
Yeah?
I'm spiked. I'll show you the ropes.
I'm in here all the time.
Well, what are you in for?
I've had those incredible things
that I've never seen before.
Found out.
Silly rabbit.
Yeah, tricks are for kids.
Yes, sir.
World Your News. Tomorrow at 8-7 Central.
On the network that's tuned into kids.
Nickelodeon.
And now, today's traffic report from Super Mario Kart.
It's a real race out there today, folks.
People are driving like animals.
A turn like split in two in a turtle shell
is making travel impossible for one motorist.
With two-player split-screen action,
you've never been in a race like this.
Super Mario Kart only for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
No wonder the best play here.
Nickelodeon knows that taking care of the Earth
is a big job.
But you can help just by being
light, bright.
When the lights are on,
energy from the Earth is being used up.
So to help the Earth save its energy,
hit the switch when you're switching rooms.
And when you can,
use daylight.
It doesn't cost anything,
which will make your parents happy,
and it doesn't use energy,
which will make the Earth happy.
From all ways that you can help,
keep watching the First Kids Network.
Return to Roundhouse and SNIC.
Only on NIC.
I go graffiti old man PB's van.
Nothing. I gotta go tell my parents I'm suspended.
You gonna tell them?
Some or two.
Well, it might not be so bad. I mean, they're pretty cool sometimes.
Yeah!
In your dreams.
Hey, son. Why so plump?
Why don't you take my high-priced Italian sports car
for a spin?
Yeah, but dad, I'm not old enough to drive.
Oh, whoa, small.
All right, do it.
Mom, dad, I gotta tell you guys something.
I was suspended from school today.
That's my boy.
Oh, honey, we are so proud of you.
You know, we knew that if you just applied yourself
that you couldn't fail.
Hey, listen, just relax.
Have some chocolate and some fried food
and forget about it.
Why don't you go out and get different parts of your body
here, son?
I always knew he'd let us down.
Stand by to come crashing back to reality.
I always knew you'd let us down.
You're grounded.
But that's so harsh.
You wouldn't know harsh if you stepped in it.
Listen, let me tell you something.
When I was your age, my parents used to make me
sign a piece of paper saying I'd never do it again.
I got upstairs to your room before you figure out
what I just said.
You are in trouble.
I might as well make the best of it
and play some video games.
From Lane Boy comes the ultimate challenge.
Patness.
I have a pace and a Patness shot.
Oh, look at that rusty nail.
If I don't inoculate him this time he could get lost.
Oh, a bonus butt shot.
Buy Patness today.
Also look for Feet Fighter, the game that fights
athlete's foot.
This game blows booster shots.
I hate being in trouble.
Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble.
That echo is making me sleepy.
Welcome. You are now in trouble.
Five miles to deep trouble,
ten miles to serious trouble
here in politics.
Whoa, where am I?
Take a guess. It starts with tr
and ends with up.
Well, how do I get out of here?
Go through denial,
hang a lasted exception,
and then you'll hate realization
where you just watch bad TV
and wait for your life to change.
Welcome to another edition
of America's Least Wanted.
Tonight we review the file of theopolis
butthorn swaddled a third.
His petty crimes include tearing the tags
off of seed cushions, returning video tapes
and going to the express lane
with more than 11 items.
If you or anyone you know have seen him
at your doorstep, don't bother reporting him to us.
We got better things to do.
Hey dude, how's it going?
Spike, what are you doing here?
I'm always in trouble.
Ask anybody.
Hey, want to get a tattoo or something?
I can't leave, I'm grounded.
Grounded? What do you do?
If I leave my dad will kill me.
He wouldn't really kill you.
My trouble vision presents dad's
idle threat number 119.
I'm going to squash your head like a grape.
Idle threat number 267.
I'm going to hit you so hard by the time you stop rolling
your clothes will be out of style.
Has your dad ever done any of these things?
Well, no.
See, they're just idle threats.
Well, how do you know so much?
Hey, when you've been in trouble as long as I have,
you see things differently.
I mean, how many times has your dad said
this is going to hurt me more and it's going to hurt you?
It's going to be true with a new kickback.
The device that gives dad a kick in the butt
every time he raises his hand.
This is going to hurt me more.
How?
This is going to hurt me.
Buy kickback today from Trouble Cove.
That's pretty cool.
Being in trouble can help you get even with your mom, too.
This segment of trouble vision
has been brought to you by mom's maid service.
The only maid service that uses real moms.
Hey, you pick up that mess.
I am not your maid.
Oh, I am your maid.
Whoa, sis, what are you doing here?
Well, I've never been in trouble before,
so I thought I'd come and visit you and see what it was like.
Look, I got Joy-Veta Foucault's autograph.
Come on, Trace Krispies.
The talkative part of this complete breakfast.
It's my frisbee. I am the coolest.
Or, as Trace Krispies said,
he'll be next.
Yeah, who knows?
20th Century Fox presents
My Challenge You
The first action hero.
Accept.
And the last word in comedy.
Why men can't jump?
Robin Hood. Men in tops.
And why should the people listen to you?
Unlike some other Robin Hoods.
I can speak with an English accent.
A Mel Brooks film.
The legend had it coming.
Rated PG-13 starts Wednesday, July 28
at theaters everywhere.
Whoa.
Look at Tommy.
He's so stoned.
This is totally happening.
Look what's happened to him.
You know I look like such a mess.
What a lose.
Yeah, this weed is definitely gross.
Ever since he started smoking pot,
he's gross.
Like everyone's doing,
and it's so uncool.
They're really into me.
They think I'm so out of it.
He's really out of it.
Return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Knick.
This is another edition of Six Seconds.
I'm Molly Safer.
And I'm Ed Bradley.
And I'm Andy Rooney.
I got to get out of trouble.
As bad as it may sound, I might have to follow the rule.
He's back.
After five accidents, 45 moving violations
on a Saturday in traffic school.
And now he's gone straight.
He's Speed Limit Racer.
So much on my part.
Go!
I'd love to help you.
But this is a red zone.
So I'll have to park in the mall.
See you in a few hours.
He'll come to your rescue as fast as possible
within the limits of the law, of course.
Hey, Speed Limit Racer, stop that!
If only Tim was a real person,
then I could get into the carpool lane.
But I've got to abide by the law
and deal to oncoming traffic.
The place is driving me crazy.
I gotta get out of here.
Son!
You can't leave the house.
I am the vision of your father.
I can't understand you behind that tin foil.
Oh.
Son, you can't leave the house.
You have parked your butt in trouble
and cannot leave until you learn your lesson.
Special effects.
Oh, honey, he doesn't want to see you these days.
Can I still do the spooky voice?
You might as well...
I want to use your room as an extra closet
Oh.
Hey, come on, kid. I'll take you someplace cool.
The bad voice sprouts of America
is officially called a disorder.
Oh, slouch.
All right, we've got a new member today
so I'd like you to make him feel unwelcome.
You really smell so bad, loser.
All right, I'd like to introduce you
to the bad voice sprouts of America pledge.
Raise your right hand.
Sike!
Only rule here if we don't follow any rules.
We'd like to congratulate Joey here
on receiving four Tamara badges.
Yeah, that's right. One for cussing,
one for spitting, one for kicking an animal,
and one just for sneering.
Hey, boy, joke.
Can we learn more about shoving old ladies
into the street today?
Yeah, but first, there's some gross sprouts down the street.
Let's go eat their macaroons.
You guys go ahead. I'm feeling kind of sleepy.
It's brownies day!
You kick me out
and made me spring.
Oh, don't you, babe.
Whoa!
What's the bad, funny and shared parody
doing in my clock radio?
Everybody, wake up. It's brown today.
It's beautiful outside,
but you're stuck in your room, so get over it.
What would you like for breakfast done?
Will you be staying in your room today?
Can't you departure? 0%.
Come on, kids, blow this joint.
We could be out the window and be back
before they know you're gone.
Can't you departure? 50%.
It's brown today.
By the way, you guys are going to keep singing.
Can't you departure?
100%.
Now you're talking. Come on, check out the school store.
Let's snag something.
We can't feel that wrong.
Not here it isn't. At the five finger discount store
you can shop live to all you want
thanks to my five one seal one policy.
How do you stay in business?
By jacking up the prices three times their normal amount
I can afford to give you the thrill of petty theft
and still make a profit.
Hey, dude, I just bought a $10 candy bar.
Hey, you kids, this ain't no library.
Don't read it. I like to plan to steal it.
The five finger discount store
is also a favorite shoplifting location
for many former child stars.
Whoa, look at this great shoe.
It's fresh.
It's got lights on the heels.
That's right. It's in your bike gear from L.A. Smear.
Yes, it's the shoe that's got a light,
right and left turn signal,
brake lights, and emergency hazards.
Oh, yeah.
It also comes with a spare tire.
I saw Andy's grandfather
wearing his brake gears the other day
and his left turn blinker was on for miles.
Man, I really want these shoes,
but I can't afford them.
Get real, dude. Just steal them.
You sure? Yeah, everybody does it.
Everybody gets waxed in the face
by reality in five,
four, three, two, one.
Take them. Tell them, Spike.
I don't always talk about Officer.
I've never seen him before in my life.
I didn't mean to get into trouble.
I just wanted my parents to help me with my homework.
We got them to release you into our custody, son.
But we all have to sing a community service song.
Spike, it always feel like your perfect older sister.
Oh, no.
Ready for our date? Not so fast, young lady.
Your father has something to say to you.
We're sorry we haven't always been there for you, kid.
And that's why we decided to make it up to you
by sending every waking minute together.
And we're going to start with some home movies
of you kids in the tub.
Quick, reprise the theme song and roll the credit.
Whenever my luck gets me,
I'll come the music kids on the fray.
Sometimes a news story becomes so big,
kids can't avoid it.
That's why Nick News Special Edition
tries to explain it.
Stay tuned for our Nick News Special Edition
after the verdict.
Next, right here on Nick.
Bad, good enough.
Catch more,
Nick, after this.
This year at Six Flags Great Adventure
answer the call
to Batman The Ride.
Imagine the air below
the sky above.
You are Batman.
When you fly Six Flags only,
suspended outside looping nothing like
an on earth experience, not even at Disney.
But wait, there's more.
Witness the exciting thrills
that Batman's stunt show
at Six Flags Great Adventure.
Get these great savings with
especially my cans of Coca-Cola
classic and diet coke.
It's a Nickelodeon orange appeal.
Hi, I'm Tara from Welcome Freshmen.
Today's word to the wise,
always ask questions.
Like, um,
why should you ask questions?
Wait, why should we ask questions?
If you don't ask questions,
you won't know what's going on.
You're going to be a hero at home wherever.
You've got a right to answers.
Oh, now I know.
This orange appeal is brought to you by
Education First and the First Kids Network.
We were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated
from our class on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized
we were late. We were going to miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus,
we figured we were aces.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Follow that bus!
Not with famous, which is cool.
Because famous people never do homework.
This Saturday night, get back on the bus
with me, David Cassidy,
and watch my four favorite Partish Family
episodes here on Nick at Night.
Don't miss very, very David Cassidy
tonight at 10-9 Central.
Place to kill 12 minutes.
All right, pal.
Oh boy, some hapless victims.
I can hardly wait
to scare the veins out of them.
Watch me put on
my most hideous grimace.
Excuse me.
I must go freshen up.
This calls for the direct approach.
Say,
what's this?
I know.
It's a wood-burning stove.
Watch.
If you dare.
You shouldn't juggle strange people's dishes.
I'm hungry, Ren.
Yeah, me too.
I can sure go for a sandwich.
Yeah.
A sandwich.
I'll hide in this bread.
Watch how we put on it.
How about peanut butter?
Fissé.
Fish.
Selfish pig.
You would eat all of it.
I'm sorry.
Think of all those starving yaks out there
that would kill for a meal like that.
Man!
Oh, my father.
Thank you.
Take that.
What's he doing, Ren?
A yak always tenderizes his food
before he eats it.
And that
is one for your man!
I'm pushed, old friend.
Me too.
Let's go up and wet the bed.
Sure.
I wonder where it is.
Maybe up those hideous stairs.
How's my chance?
It's so cozy here.
I'm going to sleep like the dead.
And don't you come back
until you take a shower!
Now
for a brutal display
of pointless
gut-wrenching terror.
Happy happy joy joy
Happy happy
La la la la
La la la la la
Happy happy
happy
Don't forget to wash where the sun
don't shine.
Oh, yeah!
It's a good thing I'm already
dead.
I've had it with this child's
plague.
I'm going to end this
the only way it
can end.
With me,
the winner
you pig!
Look, Ren. A trick-or-treater.
He's come to visit us.
Isn't he a cute
little rascal?
Happy Halloween!
Look, fellas, I'm a ghost.
I've been trying to
scare you guys
all through this picture.
But I'm a failure.
I'm a failure.
I couldn't even
scare a paranoid
schizophrenic.
Oh, come on. Try again.
We'll do better.
I promise.
Don't patronize me.
It's no use.
There's only one thing left to do.
I'm gonna
end it all.
Sweet Lord, no!
Are you crazy, man?
You can't do that.
Here, do this.
And what a blast.
Five.
Killer.
Hey, I'll see you on the next shot.
And Stimpy and Snick
will be back after these messages.
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing
you've ever seen. It's an all-new
scary tale on Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on Snick.
There are a lot more what you call ugly people
in this world than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength
in our collective ugliness.
And it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition
of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows
that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrush bodies.
And we don't want them.
The point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
A new dispenser pack.
Your barber calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same haircut.
He says
that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like mawclubs.
She has no teeth.
She says
I still can't chew bubble tape.
Six feet of bubble tape coming soon
in a new dispenser pack.
For you, not them.
Get back on the bus tonight
for very, very Nick at Night.
I'm David Cassidy,
and I am there for you, Ben.
Yes, tonight at 10-9 Central,
Nick at Night brings you
very, very David Cassidy.
I've chosen four episodes
I think you're gonna love.
Some classic Partridge family moments.
Watch very, very David Cassidy
tonight at 10-9 Central.
Only on Nick at Night.
I'm sure it'll be very, very cool.
And now, back to the glow
of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Ladies and gentlemen,
tonight we have
the Battle of the Century,
the undisputed tag team champions
of the world.
The duo of destruction,
the love brothers,
lump and loaf.
Beautiful pair,
the couple of conducings,
my dog Hope
and killer Cadogan.
Hey, Ren,
those guys look big and mean.
I think they want to hurt us.
Don't worry, Stimpy.
They see us all pretend.
Nobody really gets hurt.
The match is rigged.
We can't lose.
We are the good guys.
You mean it's just a game?
And we're just pretending to fight?
The bell.
Oh, boy.
Let me at him.
T-t-t, Stimpy.
Leave these ruffians to me.
Fun with the nice, mean men.
Watch me put my famous sleeper-hole on him.
Mmm, stew loaf.
My name's Stimpy,
and I've come to play with you.
Tendon de Rassel is the most fun
in the whole world.
Come on, Ren.
Let me tag you so you can play.
No, no.
No, that's okay, Stimpy.
I already had lots of fun.
Besides,
I wouldn't think of depriving you
of such a good time.
Gee, Ren,
you're such a pal.
Always thinking of me first.
Well, folks,
it looks like Lump has the killer
in the jareded, bat-handed tongue lock.
Mmm.
Now Lump has tagged Lof,
and it looks like Lof is going to administer
a taste of the awful,
the insidious
flying butt pliers.
Dear, I've been so selfish and thoughtless.
Here I am doing all the playing
while my poor pal, Ren,
sits all alone
with no one to play with.
Oh, boy, Ren,
now it's your turn to play.
Now play nice.
Wouldn't want to be in mad dog shoes now.
Free steps in to make sure the Lump brothers fight fair.
Referee checks to see if this
is an illegal chokehold.
Well, the ref says everything's kosher.
Well, now both mad dog and the killer
are in the ring taking a beating.
And believe me, it isn't pretty.
Hey, Lump, it's time to throw the fight.
Okey-dokey-ho.
Gents, let's have a word with today's losers.
Lof, what do you think about losing the match?
We louts are angry.
We are sore.
Mad dog and killer,
G-Dead.
Next time we see you guys,
it'll be in the street.
We'll break your bones.
We'll grind you into putting.
We'll turn your faces off.
You haven't heard the last of us.
This is war.
We are generals.
You are the enemy.
Beware, mad dog.
Beware, killer.
We know where you live.
We know where your parents live.
We will have our revenge.
There you have it.
Now a word from the winners.
Mad dog, you've heard the nasty,
brutal things Lof said about you.
How do you respond to this?
Well, actually, I feel that...
I want to holler the loud funny words.
I like Darren.
He is my friend.
I like you and him.
He likes me.
And I like him.
He likes you.
I...
Hey, man.
Fix you!
It's all on Nick News W5 this week.
Nick News, your world, your news.
Tomorrow at 8-7 Central on the network
that's tuned into kids.
Nickelodeon.
This summer, the two toughest characters
in cartoon history...
Tom, Jerry...
are teaming up.
We've got a bust out of here
to save a brave young girl from her wicked ass.
They're getting away!
They're following us!
Get ready for action.
Hello, old you happy people.
Get ready for Tom and Jerry, the movie, rated G.
Starts Friday, July 30th at a theater near you.
See this?
It won't make you smarter.
When it was decided how smart you'd be,
your credit limit didn't matter.
You can't buy intelligence, okay?
Well, maybe you could.
I mean, no car is more accepted on the planet
than MasterCard.
So you could buy books and computers
and chemistry sets,
and that could make you smarter.
And MasterValue's discounts can save you
up to 25% of thousands of stores.
And if that's not buying intelligence,
at least it's buying intelligently.
So maybe MasterCard could make you smarter.
We ought to get you on a quiz show.
MasterCard.
It's more than a credit card.
It's smart money.
The whole wide world is whining for Wienerville.
We want to watch Wienerville!
Nickelodeon Wienerville.
Everyone's whining to watch it Sunday afternoons on Nick.
It's about time.
Where were you?
Riding my story.
Are you sick?
Laryngitis.
Yo, I don't want your germs.
What is that?
A typewriter.
Should have left it in the attic.
Hey, it works.
I typed my story on it.
What for?
Because my throat's killing me
and I don't want to tell it.
Can you read out loud for me?
I'm not sure.
We've never done that before.
Go ahead, Gar, be crazy.
Throw away the rules.
Start from the top.
Yeah, I figured that.
Writing a story down on paper
is very different than telling it out loud.
When a story's on paper,
you can feel it.
You can see it.
And others can read it as well.
But beware,
for once a story's written,
it no longer belongs to the author,
but has a life of its own.
And for some stories,
that can be a very dangerous life.
Indeed.
Submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
the tale of the Dream Machine.
How it is the time of night
that the graves all gave...
Sean Hackett had one passionate life,
writing.
Actually, he had two passions,
writing and Jennifer Johnson.
Every other story in Sean's notebook was about her.
Jennifer only thought of him as a friend.
Too bad.
This hallowed house
I am sent with broom before
to sweep the dust behind the door.
Great story. I was moved.
Hang on. Hang on.
Your assignment is to write a short story.
Your topic, but it's got to be at least
two pages long.
Go away.
Wait.
You really swept off your feet there, Romeo.
What are you going to do next?
Run her down with your bike?
Oh, I think she likes me.
Yeah, right.
Bet she can't wait till you get your driver's license
so you can hit her with a car.
This place is a disaster.
I know my parents thought
they were getting this great deal,
but they spent a fortune
from keeping her falling down.
This place is creepy.
Remind me not to come over
for like thunderstorms or something.
Uh-oh. You got a detour?
I don't know.
How am I supposed to get up to my room?
How dangerous could it be?
Be careful. The stairs are cut.
Wait a minute.
Yo, what's down there?
I don't know.
I'll get a flashlight.
It's like a secret stash.
October 13, 1932.
The new mystery novel
by the late James Allington
is a spine-tingling masterpiece.
Must be the guy who owned the place before.
Check this out.
James Allington, writer and inventor,
disappeared in 1931
and was found dead one year later.
Murdered?
A secret room just to hide this?
Laced.
No, it's a classic.
They don't make them like this anymore.
That's because it's junky.
I gotta go.
Later.
Yeah, later.
It was the night of the school Halloween dance.
A night when anything could happen.
And it did.
What is your name, princess?
Jennifer.
Good evening, Jennifer.
I am Count Shaw.
We danced for hours.
Nothing could have ruined the night.
And slowly, we moved to a dark corner of the room.
And with that fatal kiss,
she will be mine forever.
You sure?
Yeah.
I'm just being strange.
Don't worry about it.
I had a nightmare last night.
Can you believe that I'm still having kids' nightmares?
Everybody does.
But this was, like, so real.
I was at the school dance,
and a vampire shows up.
Weird thing was,
don't laugh.
The vampire was you.
So she saw a vampire movie on TV,
thought of you, put the two together,
and bingo, nightmare time.
But it was exactly what I wrote.
What are you trying to say?
You think she's some kind of mind reader?
No.
I don't know. It's just weird.
I gotta do that story for English.
Do you use that?
Nah.
You know, I'm a last-minute kinda guy.
Okay.
One cold and foggy night,
Billy snuck into a crumbling old graveyard on a dare,
searching for the grave of
Blind Paul.
He didn't believe the stories about the graveyard being haunted,
but he should have.
Billy never found his way out of the graveyard,
and nobody ever discovered what happened to him.
As far as I know,
it was Blind Paul resting below.
Freight of the dark,
stay in the glow of the couch,
and stay tuned.
I'm nine years old, and I don't really like somewhere a lot.
It's real boring.
In Illinois, this snow,
it'll pile up real, real thick.
And the ice,
the streets are icy,
and we go out on the streets,
and with our shoes on,
and we just slide around on the ice.
It's very funny.
Get back on the bus tonight for
Very, Very Nick at Night.
I'm David Cassidy, and I am there for you, Ben.
Yes, tonight at 10-9 Central,
Nick at Night brings you very, very David Cassidy.
I've chosen four episodes I think you're gonna love.
Some classic Partridge family moments.
Watch Very, Very David Cassidy
tonight at 10-9 Central.
Only on Nick at Night.
I'm sure it'll be very, very cool.
Cooler than a shag haircut.
Easier to wear than poetry.
More comfortable than a kick in the head.
They're Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer.
Cool removable body art
in 36 different designs.
Free inside specially marked 12 packs
of great tasting Bark's Root Beer.
The one with bite.
So leave your later hose and home,
and make a fashion statement on your arm,
on your leg,
or on your head.
With Bark 2's from Bark's Root Beer.
The one with Bark 2's.
Nick Friday, Saturday even Sunday.
Nick is every day.
Now, the sneaking begins again.
With Are You Afraid of the Dead?
Then the lid slab that I was buried alive.
It was so real.
Talk about weird.
More than you know.
Does this sound familiar?
One cold and foggy night,
Billy snuck into a crumbling old graveyard on a dare.
Searching for the grave of...
Blind Paul? No way.
I'm not buying it.
Does this sound familiar?
Billy pounded on the closed coffin and shouting,
no, let me out, help.
I think this is what happened to Jennifer too.
I wrote it,
and you guys dreamt it.
It's the typewriter.
That's why it was hidden.
It's got some kind of power.
Is that possible?
Could this be a...
dream machine?
Baby, this is like power.
Who said you want to get into first?
We gotta think about this.
What's to think? We can terrorize everybody.
We can...
My mom's gonna kick my butt.
Listen, don't tell anybody about this, alright?
Don't worry, I don't want to get locked up.
Cool.
This is gonna be an amazing adventure.
Sweet dreams.
Jennifer, will you come with me
to the most private place on earth?
The most private place on earth?
Your dream.
Do you remember that vampire nightmare you had?
Yeah.
I think I wrote it.
What do you mean?
Well, I made it up.
Like I'm making this up right now.
This isn't real.
It's a dream I'm creating for you with this.
I don't get it.
It's a dream machine.
If I type out a story about somebody, they'll dream it.
Are you familiar?
Anything I imagine can happen.
Hold out your hand.
It's wonderful,
but it's scary.
I need to find out if it's true.
When I end this,
I want you to call me, okay?
Okay.
The white cloud rose up around them
and the dream was over.
I knew this was bogus.
Let's turn them in.
Let's go. This is it.
This is it.
Let me read this masterpiece.
The Halloween Dance
by Sean Hackett.
It was the night of the school dance.
A night when anything could happen.
And it did.
What's going on?
You know it's a story I wrote, but...
But this is real.
It's really happening.
We danced for hours.
Nothing could have ruined the night.
Then slowly we moved to a dark corner of the room.
Hey, this is pretty good.
Sean, I'm scared.
How is this happening?
Billy's reading and it's coming true
just the way I wrote it.
Wait, if this is all coming true, that means...
The vampire opens his mouth
bearing his razor-sharp fangs.
Fangs?
Man, this is pretty gruesome.
Hey, guys?
Whoa!
What happened?
That wasn't a dream, was it?
We were really there, weren't we?
And I was going to bite you on the neck
for real, wasn't I?
Guys, what is this?
I think we just discovered
another feature of our little dream machine.
Watch.
The Halloween dance by Sean Hackett.
Yo!
What does it mean?
It means that it isn't just a dream machine.
If we read a story written on this thing, it's going to come true.
So if I didn't stop reading, then...
I would have bitten Jennifer on the neck
just like the story said.
This is too weird.
We have to tell somebody.
Uh-oh.
What's the matter?
Guys, this isn't the only story I wrote.
Wait a minute.
What other story?
Oh, man.
What?
You've got to stop her.
I don't want to know.
Hey, I don't want to know.
Trapped by Sean Hackett.
It's not here!
She's still with her.
She's still here. Her car's outside.
Guys, if we don't find it, I'm...
She's snuck into a crumbling old graveyard on a dare.
He would.
Oh, no!
Think, where would she be?
Sean!
She was here. Come on.
Billy tried to escape
with a strange shadow
surrounded.
With a blind pulse
creeping closer
and closer.
I'm not going to that grave.
I'm not going to that grave
to stay right here.
No!
Wait, we're not going to find her.
Can't give up. When that story ends, Billy's going to...
The story.
The story's come true.
What are you doing?
Billy never found his way out of the graveyard.
And nobody ever discovered
what happened to him.
As far as anyone knew,
there was a blind hall resting below.
Read it.
Read it!
The typewriter stopped going and all the stories
ever written on it never came true.
Welcome back, dude.
Yes!
I don't know what you did, but you did it.
Sean wrote his best story yet.
Man, I say we trash that thing.
Don't worry about it anymore.
Is there something I can do for you?
The end.
That was great.
What happened to the...
Kiki?
What's it say?
The headless warrior chased down each one of the
midnight society one by one
until they were too tired to run.
Yeah, right.
The end presents the continuing story
of the kid who accidentally swung
over the bar and became
Inside Out Boy.
We find our hero making a deposit at the local bank.
Hi.
When suddenly...
We've got an 1150 bank robbery in progress.
Drop it, kid.
Okay.
No fingerprints.
Very clever.
Why'd you do it, kid?
I didn't. I may be wrongside out, but I always do. It's right.
What about the note we found?
It's from my mom.
Please excuse Inside Out Boy from Jim.
What about the disguise?
It's me. Honest.
He's telling the truth. He is.
Then that must mean...
Inside Out Boy.
He's got a lot of what every kid's got inside.
Guts.
For more adventures, keep watching Nickelodeon.
Wienerville is one show worth
waiting for.
I wanna watch Wienerville.
Nickelodeon Wienerville every Sunday afternoon
right here on Nick.